BFD-4660: v3 Deployment Readiness (#3095)
CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data: ops/services/README.md

<!-- TODO: Expand this further -->

- Terraservices are opinionated, meaning that "hardcoding" invariant attribute values and resource definitions is _encouraged_. If a value changes depending on environment or cannot be computed, only then should it be elevated into our SSM configuration
- Terraservices, excluding those that are `apply`'d prior to the Terraservice describing our SSM configuration (i.e. `base` or `config`), should expose as few variables as possible. Variables that _are_ exposed should be constrained to overrides only, and should be introduced sparingly

> - It should be possible for any operator, in the correct Terraform Workspace, to simply `terraform apply` the Terraservice and generate appropriate resources

Reviewer: Strictly speaking, this isn't part of your change set, but the distinctions between OpenTofu/tofu and terraform readily confuses, what with the language being HCL2, the OpenTofu binary being `tofu`, the conventions remaining _terraform_, and both internal/external resources continuing to use _terraform_... even the _terraservice_ pattern is hard to separate from _terraform_, right? Some of this is subtle.

I'm not convinced of the wording, but... we can try to reduce potential confusion.

```suggestion
- It should be possible for any operator, in the correct OpenTofu Workspace, to simply `tofu apply` the Terraservice and generate appropriate resources
```

Author: You're right, our documentation isn't where I'd like it to be. Admittedly, I zeroed-in on the spelling mistakes here after switching to a new editor and felt that this was the place to clean them up. I didn't take a look at the rest of the document to see if there was any other improvements to be made.

Once v3 settles down we should take another pass at our repository documentation and really put some effort into to it. We have a lot of undocumented "convention" in our Tofu that _should_ be documented.
